hey tell us what we have a downside of
location so hey card out another day
where's whatever ah how you feeling
another day in paradise
now that i am paradise why is looking
really good again don't like it at it
handle
by me
to the restricted birthday condign
stretch the bandage
that's what you're thinking that's
what's going through yeah he's trying to
pick your brain at the boys right we'll
need a grip I'm a messing with you a bit
a lot of boxes I could bei invitation to
John you started still poking holes ah
giving real slugs it's cherry
like at the bounty he thinking ok boss
claim thank you or do you use DNA with a
big strong man ok the waters infested
get happy oh there are there
ah hold on Tycho
what the hell
probably some of the heaviest knowledge
shallow spiraling live SF definitely if
your sugar will not stand by blocking my
life and home well that's it did he any
good ones not really no I got it got a
copy a couple nugs gives Louie cuts top
of the reef cards just shredded are the
best one that you saw you think if you
had to pick one was it is tougher play
coy she got her got the best one you saw
besides yourself I can see it my kidney
try the one I dropped in on Mars oh
well I wasn't thinking what does 40 i
wrote a 64 but snap do and have to go
get my 60 head just snapping a bow no
failing